Fulfilment APIs (#13)
hotwax/oms-documentation: Fulfillment/APIs/In progress orders.md

# In progress Orders API

> Fetches a comprehensive list of all orders which are in process of pickup for fulfillment. To get the In progress orders, you will need to call the /solr-query endpoint with the POST method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fetches a comprehensive list of all orders which are in process of pickup for fulfillment. To get in progress orders, you will need to call the /solr-query endpoint with the POST method.
```

## Request

### Endpoint

`https://<host>/api/solr-query`

Example: https://demo-oms.hotwax.io/api/solr-query

### Header

#### Body

```
{
  "json": {
    "params": {
      "rows": "10",
      "sort": "orderDate asc",
      "group": true,
      "group.field": "picklistBinId",
      "group.limit": 1000,
      "group.ngroups": true,
      "q.op": "AND",
      "start": 0
    },
    "query": "(*:*)",
    "filter": "docType: OISGIR AND picklistItemStatusId: PICKITEM_PENDING AND -fulfillmentStatus: Rejected AND -shipmentMethodTypeId: STOREPICKUP AND facilityId: Store_1 AND productStoreId: STORE"
  }
}
```

| Parameter                | Description                                                                                                   | Required (Y/N) |
|--------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------|

> | `rows`                   | The number of groups.                                                                                        | No.            |

Reviewer: Do we always add a period after "Y/N" on these parameter tables?

Author: this is fixed

> | `group`                  | Filter to group orders.                                                                                      | Yes.           |

Reviewer: This doesn't have "sort" field, is that on purpose?

Author: we do use the sort field, just checked. Adding here

| `group.field`            | The field to be grouped.                                                                                      | Yes.           |
| `group.limit`            | The maximum number of items allowed in the group.                                                             | Yes.           |
| `group.ngroups`          | The number of groups that have matched the query in the results. The default value is false.                   | No.            |
| `defType`                | Selects the query parser to be used to process the query.                                                    | No.            |
| `q.op`                   | Specifies the default operator for query expressions, overriding the default operator specified in the Schema. Possible values are "AND" or "OR".                                                                                       | No.            |

> | `qf`                     | The query fields.                                                                                             | No.            |

Reviewer: I think we should break this into two tables, one is the api parameters and the other is query parameters so its easy to understand the grouping of each.

Author: Changed

| `docType`                | Reference index.                                                                                              | No.            |
| `start`                  | Index page number.                                                                                            | No.            |
| `orderTypeId`            | The ID of the order type in HotWax.                                                                           | Yes.           |

> | `picklistItemStatusID`   | The status of the order if picked or not. Default value: N.                                                   | No.            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `picklistItemStatusID`   | The picking status of the item. Default value: N.                                                   | No.            |
```

Why would the default value for picklistItemStatusID be N? wouldn't it be some kind of ID?

Author: Yes, I agree, just checked the query it has an ID. I will also confirm with Yash once. Till then I have made the change, so we can merge this

> | `shipmentMethodTypeId`   | The ID of the shipment method type which needs to be neglected.                                               | No.            |

Reviewer: This is just the shipmentMethodTypeId selector, it becomes "exclude" when "-" is appended to it.

Author: okay I will change this

Author: understood, changed accordingly

| `fulfillmentStatus`      | The status of fulfillment which needs to be neglected.                                                        | No.            |

> | `facilityId`             | The ID of the facility.                                                                                       | No.            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `facilityId`             | The ID of the facility where fulfillment is taking place.                                                  | No.            |
```

      "start": 0
    },
    "query": "(*:*)",
    "filter": "docType: OISGIR AND " +

>               "picklistItemStatusId: PICKITEM_PENDING AND " +

Reviewer: format does not match outstanding orders query

Author: changed the format, please have a look.
